#discernment: Use one's values, virtues, and goals to evaluate situations, make sound judgments, and choose appropriate courses of action in complex or ambiguous circumstances.
#synthesis: Develop integrated insights, identify patterns across sources, and reach well-reasoned conclusions that acknowledge limitations.
#meta-cognition: Monitor and adjust one's thinking and resulting behaviors, through focused reflection and observation to remedy knowledge gaps.
#system-analysis: Observe and deconstruct systems into constituent parts to explain the characteristics, and relationships among, those parts at multiple levels of analysis
#bias: Identify biases in humans and digital systems, applying strategies to mitigate their effects in decision-making
#discernment: Use one's values, virtues, and goals to evaluate situations, make sound judgments, and choose appropriate courses of action in complex or ambiguous circumstances.
#message-construction: Compose clear, well-organized messages characterized by a central thesis, logically organized arguments, and precise language to enhance understanding across communication contexts.
#self-awareness: Identify and monitor your strengths and weaknesses; mitigate behaviors and habits that impair effective performance.
#accountability: Take responsibility for your actions and be willing to admit mistakes and to be transparent in order to help you build trust and credibility with others.
* #right-problem: characterize the nature of problems to identify their central challenges or reframe the issues being addressed

#interpretive-lens: Identify how prior experiences, expectations, and judgments affect interpretation of written or oral communication. 

#purpose: identify ways to advance the goals in alignment with the values.

#constraints: Identify constraints and apply constraint satisfaction when addressing needs or solving problems.
#break-it-down: Organize problems into tractable components in order to develop effective solutions. *



AI is powerful, but only if leadership knows what to ask for, what to check, and what to do with the output. You can't ask AI to cover your blind spots if you don't know what your blind spots are. This activity reveals the blind spots. The rest of the course teaches participants how to address them — with and without AI.